Before I entered the field of programming and technology in general , I had a lot of questions about how the Internet works, and how can the browser handle and answer my questions, this question seemed difficult to me and very strange, but now that I know how things are behind the scenes, i can say that it is very fun and exciting. Now let's answer this central question : what's happens when you type https://www.google.com in your browser and press Enter? 

The network does not understand domain names, but rather deals with IP addresses, therefore, once you write the domain name, a DNS request will be sent to the DNS server, which will answer us with the IP address of the domain that we wrote.
Now we have the IP that the browser will use to communicate between our computer and the server via the TCP protocol, which ensures a reliable connection that sends and receives information accurately.
Since we are inside the network and using the Internet, there must be danger from all sides, here comes the role of the hero in the story, which is the firewall, it is a security barrier that filters the traffic that occurs between your computer and the server and allows only authorized traffic to pass through.
for greater security and protection from spies, we run the https protocol, which encrypts data between the browser and the server, just imagine that we are requesting a Google website,Google, for example, is a very large site that is accessed by millions of people around the world every second, however it works fine without stopping, have you ever asked yourself the reason for this high performance? The secret is load balancer .
A load balancer distributes client requests to multiple servers, this makes the work distributed, preventing pressure on the servers, and this enhances the reliability and speed of the website, the load balancer sends the request to the web server, which processes the request, retrieves the requested content, and sends it to the browser again.

This was the journey of your request from the browser to the server, and from the server to the browser. This journey takes place in a few seconds, and this is a wonderful thing that makes us feel the greatness of the wonderful era in which we are.
